=About Love=
=Episode 3=
So, how's it going?
What excuse did you
give your wife this time?
Hey, sister-in-law's still here.
Can you not talk nonsense?
Am I talking nonsense?
Are you denying you're married?
Are you married?
Sorry about that.
I mistook your relationship
with Luanluan.
How is that a "mistake"?
Xiu, just tell us.
Compared to your wife,
haven't you spent way more time
with Luanluan?
Writing songs, gaming,
shopping, eating...
What haven't you done together?
Apart from using the restroom together,
is there anything you can't do together?
Alright, come on.
Let's drink.
Come on.
That topic shift was way too abrupt.
If you won't drink, don't instigate.
What?
Can't married people
have friends of the opposite sex?
I feel relaxed and happy with Xiu.
We really get each other.
And he's the only friend
who truly resonates with me
on the same frequency.
So, what are you two?
Soulmates?
Do you still love your wife?
Of course, he does.
But maybe over time,
the passion fades.
When love gets buried deep down,
you slowly lose track of it.
You even know that?
Truly soulmates indeed.
I think if you truly love each other,
you shouldn't need
to find another "soulmate".
Sister-in-law,
you don't know
what Xiu's wife is like.
She's a strong career woman.
She thinks Xiu lacks ambition.
That's why Xiu's so unhappy.
And
his wife really dislikes
Xiu hanging out with us,
especially Gong,
who is unambitious
and just waits for things to happen.
But Luanluan's different.
She plays basketball and games with us,
and checks out pretty girls.
With us, Luanluan's genuinely happy.
In my eyes, it's just
Xiu and his wife
met the wrong people.
Looks like you picked
the wrong time to drink.
You're insane.
If you're this unhappy,
why not just get divorced?
Come on, that's a bit much.
Just because it's troublesome!
Splitting property and all that
is exhausting.
If divorce procedures
were as easy as breaking up,
see if they wouldn't divorce!
Some people
think relationships
are like business deals.
Business.
Either way, I can't accept that.
What do you mean by business deals?
Isn't it true?
You can't love someone purely
without any reason at all.
When you're dating,
many love themselves more.
You always judge
how much comfort or satisfaction
the other person can provide.
When you accept someone,
you think it's love.
But really,
it's just the result
of weighing all the pros and cons.
Must you tarnish
something so beautiful?
Hey, I never said
your love wasn't beautiful.
Your love is pure and graceful.
You love being detached
from mortal trifles, alright?
Don't drag us into it.
What about you?
Have you never loved anyone,
never thought about marriage?
Actually,
yes.
When I was a kid,
I loved those fairy tales
about princes and princesses.
And in college?
I decided Xu Yingying
from the next class
would be my future wife.
After work, I dated several times
for marriage.
How could I be so shameless back then?
So purpose-driven?
Why couldn't I
just fall in love
purely and passionately?
Then, what is "pure love"
to you?
For example,
loving someone
not because she's pretty or tall,
but because the sunlight
was perfect that day,
and she wore a white shirt.
Are you sure
she only wore a white shirt?
I'm sure you should
just get out of here!
Fine, let me put it another way.
When I met her,
the sun was gentle,
and the breeze was soft.
She smiled faintly at me.
And she said lightly...
Wanna hang out?
I'm about to flip this table!
Hey, calm down.
Come on, have a seat.
Not sitting!
Then answer me.
After all this time,
have you found that "pure love"?
Yeah, I have.
Before I met her,
I truly thought
I'd never be moved again.
But that time was different.
I felt like a lovestruck teenager,
rediscovering everything about romance.
Totally unprepared,
I found myself lost
at a foggy crossroads.
Hello,
I'm Jiang Yifan.
I'm Deep in the Alley.
Hello,
I'm Yu He.
Tell me about your boyfriend.
Though I often
don't need to cater to preferences.
But knowing both sides
is more efficient.
My boyfriend...
is a comic artist.
Why can you accept everyone's love,
but not mine?
You ignore me
and trample my feelings.
You're stepping on the most genuine,
the most humble, the most selfless,
and the most passionate heart
that ever loved you.
You'll never understand
what love is.
(The End. Author: Deep in the Alley)
His pen name is Deep in the Alley.
Maybe you've heard of him.
As for me,
I've prepared
some of his works in advance.
You can get familiar.
But don't fall for him, okay?
I really adore your work.
Could I meet you in person?
Please grant me
this wish of a devoted reader.
I truly want to know
what kind of person you are.
Please, I beg you.
(Deep in the Alley)
(Alright.)
You look different from what I imagined.
You look different
from what I imagined, too.
How should I address you?
Just call me by my pen name.
Deep in the Alley?
How deep is it, really?
Alright then, Teacher Alley.
I'm really curious.
What kind of stories
have you been through
to create works like that?
No stories.
Just overthinking things.
Without ever facing real heartbreak,
how could one paint such tearing pain?
Your art seems wild and free,
but if you really look closely,
it reveals
how deeply you crave
simple and pure things,
like love
or freedom.
So,
if I'm not wrong,
you must be
a pessimistic idealist.
Can you actually feel all that?
Honestly,
I genuinely don't get what you mean.
You've got quite a sense of humor.
A work reflects
the creator's inner world.
Your inner world
is full of romance,
struggle,
passion, and conflict.
You let your characters
speak your emotions
and debate ideas.
It's like you're playing chess
against yourself with no winner
or a game without victory.
That's brilliant.
I don't even know
why she effortlessly peered into
the deepest, most hidden part
of my soul.
The part has never
been discovered before.
Truly terrifying.
The heroine is a mercenary gold-digger
who doesn't understand love!
The visual reference
was a cyberpunk-style robot.
(She fell into twisted values.)
A machine with no human emotions!
(Everything can be traded.)
Later,
she fell for another man, right?
Oh,
fell in love
without holding anything back.
Willing to die for him!
Hey, do you think that makes sense?
What's your opinion?
Personally, I disagree.
Making an emotionless woman the heroine
(Story Outline 2)
and no dating at all?
How can female readers relate to that?
I've told you before
to draw shoujo manga!
Make it beautiful! Pure!
Honey,
take a break before you keep drawing.
Have some water.
Is all this truly worthless?
How could it be?
I think it's amazing.
Why would you think it's worthless?
Really?
Look at what you drew.
The layout, the color choices,
and your sense of style
are all wonderful.
See? Especially the heroine's outfits.
I love every single one.
I guarantee
that when this publishes,
tons of female fans
will beg for links to buy them.
Why do you think it's meaningless?
Look here.
The hero and heroine's
height difference
and your understanding
of manga aesthetics...
Did you model the heroine
after me?
She's so stylish.
My boyfriend's so talented.
Great taste.
And good looks to match.
What's wrong?
Did I say something wrong?
Are you sure
this is me? The guy
who sat on the toilet for three hours
and couldn't squeeze out
even half a line?
I always thought no one could understand
my creative struggles.
Did sitting for three hours
not give you hemorrhoids?
Honestly,
I've reread every work of yours
many times.
Countless rereads.
Each time brings new meaning,
richer with depth.
So,
meeting you today
makes me incredibly happy.
Which work is your favorite?
The Selling Madame.
That one, huh?
Are you sure about that?
I actually reread it before coming.
Oh?
The breathtaking heroine
you created
is incredibly complex.
All those men drawn
to her smile,
her words,
even silently being near her,
filled them
with immense satisfaction and vanity.
Gradually,
she began selling her listening
and companionship.
From this trade, she gained money
and a triumphant thrill.
She fell into twisted values.
And she believes everything
in the world can be traded.
She saw herself
as an inexhaustible currency.
I love you.
Until one day,
she tried selling love.
That's when she realized
that love can't be traded.
She couldn't fake loving someone.
So, she received
rejection and bad reviews
from those she didn't love.
She started doubting herself.
The cruelest part?
She met the man
who made her forget her worth,
the one she'd give herself to
unconditionally.
But that man felt nothing for her.
I love you.
He was even deeply repulsed.
Her world was shattered.
She had always been proud.
But in the face of love,
she felt utterly worthless.
In the end, her life and her values
perished
together.
The heroine seems frivolous,
but her heart is flawless,
single-mindedly pursuing
her vision of happiness.
Happiness is like
the anglerfish's lure-light,
giving hope yet breeding despair.
But why does
this inexplicable feeling
sprout now?
At this inappropriate moment?
I like...
your incisive analysis.
Can I ask you something personal?
Go ahead.
Do you have a girlfriend?
Do you have a boyfriend?
No.
Now you do.
Just kidding.
Actually, I do have a girlfriend.
I figured.
But for me,
that's kind of bad news.
Oh?
Since first seeing your work,
I just knew
that I liked you.
I spent a whole day,
a full 24 hours,
finishing reading all your works.
I remember it was...
around 4 AM.
Excitedly, I called my best friend.
And I told her on the phone,
"I've fallen for a comic artist."
"I'm in love."
Jiang Yifan, right?
I think
you only like my work.
That doesn't mean...
Isn't your work your inner voice?
Don't deny it.
I get it.
I'm sure you're the one who moves me.
You might
think me rash,
even crazy.
But...
But this feeling is real.
I'm sure...
I've fallen for you.
I appreciate your affection, truly.
Thank you.
But... what do you want me to do?
Break up with my girlfriend?
Be with you?
I don't know.
I'm not unreasonable.
I came just
to be honest about my feelings.
Can I ask you one more thing?
Just one last question.
Have you ever,
even slightly,
a tiny bit,
felt anything for me?
If I turned and left now,
would you stop me?
Ah?
I think you're being too impulsive.
This is only our first meeting.
- Regarding feelings...
- Teacher Alley,
thank you for taking the time to see me.
It's a great honor.
I won't disturb you anymore.
Wait a moment!
This move...
She's really tough.
Has anyone ever said you're arrogant?
Those who pursued me
thought I was aloof.
Friends who love me think I'm cute.
Those who envy me complain
that I'm too pretty.
You're the first one
to call me arrogant.
I'm not complimenting you.
And I think you're quite annoying.
Teacher Alley,
oh no,
I should call you my dear,
or maybe, honey.
Do you think
being easily won over
by a little minx like me
is very unsatisfying?
Childish.
I haven't agreed to anything.
Are all you men so good at pretending?
If you like someone, just say it.
Is it embarrassing?
Jiang Yifan,
you seem to have forgotten
I have a girlfriend.
Oh, I really did forget
if you hadn't said so.
Teacher Alley has a girlfriend.
Why aren't you obediently
spending time with her?
Instead, you're out
on a date with another girl.
That's outrageous.
It's just normal interaction
with a friend of the opposite sex.
She has that much trust in me.
When we're together,
let's not mention your girlfriend, okay?
Even I
might get jealous.
If you had met me before her,
would you have fallen in love with me?
If you were my girlfriend,
you definitely wouldn't
want me to answer
that kind of question from another girl.
So,
there are no ifs.
My boyfriend is
a very cunning old fox.
He seems unusually wary
of overly proactive girls.
But I know it very well.
He has never stopped
interacting with other girls.
I just can't catch him red-handed.
Did you drink too much to even draw now?
Ah, I'd really love to see you draw.
They say drinking
can inspire creativity.
But my creative process
is too dull and boring.
Are you sure you want to watch?
But a man is the most charming
when he's focused on something.
What I'm curious about is,
what do you want to see me focus on?
Facing your temptation,
he might pretend to be profound,
acting very calm.
But if you are too proactive,
he can easily detect it.
So,
your persistent attitude
and proactive limits
must be perfectly measured.
Otherwise,
you won't catch a shred of evidence.
You just need to tell me
how you want me to do it.
No matter what it takes,
this time,
I want to catch him in the act.
Sorry, I can't agree to that.
No, I didn't mean it that way.
If it were really like that,
I couldn't accept it more than you.
I just want
to create a situation
where he can't argue his way out.
I want him to be so ashamed
and defeated that
he'll never dare hurt me.
I didn't expect
your home to be so clean.
Wow, you've got
so many plush toys. How cute.
What would you like to drink?
Ah, anything's fine.
Is this where you usually create?
Yeah.
To be a radiant and flamboyant man.
Not toppling kingdoms,
not captivating cities.
Devoting everything
to having a good time
with the beloved girl.
This wouldn't be your motto, would it?
Just a line from the script.
It's for the plot.
Do you need that now?
Open the door.
Open up!
Is someone knocking?
I know you're inside.
Why did you lock it?
Open the door!
It's okay.
Let me in.
Ignore her.
Is there a woman inside?
Could it be your girlfriend?
Why... would she come now?
Open the door!
What's wrong?
Didn't you say that
- you would do something romantic with me?
- Open the door!
Open it!
Wait, are you crazy?
- Open the door!
- Your girlfriend is at the door.
Open the door!
- I know there's a woman inside.
- So what?
Open the door!
I should get dressed
and open it for her.
Open it!
Then I'll explain to her
- that you and I did nothing.
- Open the door!
Do you think she'll believe it?
- If it's bound to be a hopeless verdict,
- Open the door!
we shouldn't let it
turn into a misunderstanding.
What are you doing inside?
- Don't you agree?
- Open the door!
No, Teacher Alley.
I admit I love you deeply.
But in this current situation,
I'm really not interested.
Open the door!
Open the door.
It's fine.
Then let's go with your original plan.
Open the door.
Open the door!
What are you saying?
- Nothing.
- Open the door!
I'll open the door,
and she's here to catch us.
Open the door!
You walk away unscathed,
and I bear all the blame.
Is this what you wanted,
what both of you wanted as the climax?
I don't understand what you're saying.
I really wish
I didn't know either.
But I can't pretend to be ignorant.
I actually admire you.
You played
a crazy yet rational pursuer.
But...
the lines analyzing my work
seem a bit rehearsed and slightly stiff.
For the rest of the pacing,
you handled it with perfect tension
and timing.
You portrayed
the character, Jiang Yifan,
successfully.
What are you doing inside?
Open the door!
I know comic artists are imaginative.
But
you're overly sensitive.
Open the door and let me in.
Open the door!
Your setting
has a fatal flaw.
Open the door!
The Selling Madame.
I've never published this work.
Where did you see it?
As for me,
I've prepared
some of his works in advance.
You can get familiar.
Which work is your favorite?
The Selling Madame.
Have you ever,
even slightly,
a tiny bit,
felt anything for me?
You looked completely invested
when you lied.
How could I bear to let you lose?
(Yu He)
You're not answering my calls, are you?
You're ignoring my calls, right?
Aren't you going to explain yourself?
Jiang Yifan, you're an emotional fraud!
What are you doing here?
What are you doing?
But I don't blame you.
I'm just a bit sad.
Turns out you never loved me at all.
Open the door!
Not even a little fondness
for me, is there?
But why?
Why did you say you loved me?
I took it seriously.
Do you know what you're saying?
Saying that, aren't you afraid
of hurting your girlfriend?
When you said you loved me,
weren't you afraid of hurting me?
You have a girlfriend.
You could have just rejected me.
Jiang Yifan,
do you realize how amazing you are?
You fulfill all my imaginations
of an ideal girl.
I have no reason to reject you.
Open the door!
Stop talking.
Don't make me look down on you.
Is it embarrassing
to have feelings for someone?
But you did it
behind your girlfriend's back.
Seeing you professing love to others
makes me sick.
Is that so?
Yu He,
listen carefully!
From now on, we're over.
I'm sorry I can't keep loving you.
I've fallen for this girl
named Jiang Yifan.
Thank you for letting me meet her.
What did you say?
Say it again.
Say it again!
Get out here!
Can I pursue you now?
Rightfully and properly.
You really are the most
despicable person I've ever met.
I admit, sometimes, I'm overly honest.
That's a very bad virtue.
But since you don't love,
you can't deceive others.
Forcing them to stay together
is irresponsible to both.
As for betrayal,
hiding that you no longer love
is the true betrayal of love.
I stay true to myself and to love.
So...
♪I'm falling down again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
Do you love me,
Jiang Yifan?
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret of love♪
♪I thought I had kept it from below♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
Why don't you want me?
♪Gentle, passionate,
charming, terrifying♪
We were so close.
We were so close!
Why did you abandon me? Why?
I was wrong.
♪In every corner of the room♪
♪There's your lingering shadow♪
♪When night falls♪
♪I still love you♪
♪More intoxicated, more deeply♪
♪Even if oceans dry and rocks crumble♪
♪I'll still hold you♪
♪Only you make me feel truly alive♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret of love♪
Your...
♪Did it come from above♪
Do you like it?
♪Is that the secret of love♪
♪Gentle, passionate♪
♪Charming♪
♪Terrifying♪
♪What is the secret of love♪
I'm sorry.
♪No need for more lies, one by one♪
♪There's nowhere left to hide♪
♪I admit it♪
♪My back is against the wall♪
♪There's nothing I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
(Why)
(do people always fall for)
(those who make them suffer?)
♪Is that the secret of love♪
♪I thought I had kept it from below♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
Don't leave me behind.
Please.
♪Gentle, passionate♪
♪Charming♪
♪Terrifying♪
♪What is the secret of love♪
♪For this secret of love♪
♪There's nothing I wouldn't try to do♪
Sorry to disturb.
Could you help me with something?
What's up?
I've fallen for a girl.
But I don't know
what kind of boys she likes.
I don't even know her name,
zodiac sign, or blood type.
Can you help me find out?
Or,
can they lend you to me
so I can ask myself?
Oh.
Honey, you seem
to have been flirted with.
I don't ask for your true love.
I just hope you don't
deceive my feelings.
A real scumbag.
Seriously, so heartless
to everything.
That's right.
I'm that kind of person.
Hopelessly heartless.
Shameless beyond compare.
Born this way, I'm sorry.
But, Sen,
do you know
what's most important in love?
Money.
It's trust.
If someone loves you so much,
and you don't love them anymore,
not telling them is deception.
Deception hurts, you know.
But can you just
stop loving by saying so?
Is this your attitude
toward pure love?
Sister-in-law, flattering.
When I was dumped like trash,
I had more attitude.
After being dumped,
what's the point of your attitude?
Mr. Attitude,
have you forgotten something?
Aren't you planning to explain?
We've already broken up.
You say break up, and it's over?
I say it's not.
I don't love you anymore.
- Don't go.
- You...
Hey.
What are you doing?
Forget it.
Amnesia is such a good thing.
It must be hard
for all of you to remember.
Makes me nostalgic.
The pure Gong is gone.
That was my youthful recklessness.
But it's been so long
since we saw you cry.
Go on, shed a tear.
Believe it or not, I'll make you cry.
This is karma.
A payback for a payback.
Looks like
it's your turn to get payback!
Hey, is this endless?
I can't drink.
I just had that big glass.
Don't talk nonsense.
Hey, you two, give me a hand.
Ah!
This is the universe paying you back.
All these years, Fatty's cooking
has always stayed exactly the same.
They all taste the same.
Yeah.
Anyway, I totally overate again.
You're always the one
who eats the most at these free meals,
ever pay?
I paid for the 16-yuan water bottle.
- Take it.
- I won't drink it.
No, that...
Gong,
you...
Do you really like Jiang Yifan?
Very in love, so what?
Then don't be afraid of what others say.
Pursuing true love is your freedom
and right.
Bei, are you serious?
Of course.
True love is an unquestionable excuse.
Using true love as a weapon,
all irresponsible acts
become justified.
So, if you want to be
an untamed wild horse,
go for it.
I support you.
Hey, my old friend.
For heaven's sake,
can I give you a knock?
My ride's here.
- Bye.
Bye, see you.
- Sen.
- Yeah?
- Come with me.
- Yeah.
Good people live in peace.
Tonight, I'll be with you.
- Okay, let's go.
- I'm heading back, too.
Need to rush my draft.
Get more sleep.
Oh, right, Gong.
I've been reading your comic lately.
Why did you change
your name to Mud Buddha?
Because...
I'm full of rotten mud,
yet revered by thousands.
Gong,
I wish I had half your confidence.
- See you.
- I'm heading off.
♪If it can't be stopped,
I say let it be♪
♪This is a battle of desire and despair♪
♪The lingering warmth,
she likes to leave♪
♪On her way out♪
♪She casually turned off the light♪
♪I admit it♪
♪My back is against the wall♪
♪There's nothing I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
♪I resist♪
♪Your gaze, your lips♪
♪Your touch is a gift♪
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
♪Take my mind again♪
♪Break it to my heart again♪
♪I'm falling down again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
♪To beg for the truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret of love♪
♪I thought I had kept it from below♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret of love♪
♪Gentle, passionate,
charming, terrifying♪
♪What is the secret of love♪